yeah you're gonna come to my musical can
you teach me to sing plays hi I'm Lizzie
candy here for the ray of sunshine
special concert here at the Royal Albert
Hall and I'm going to be getting a
one-to-one exclusive interview with JLS
follow me
fantastic to see you all so much has
been going on like married babies
presenting what is next tell me well
obviously I think everybody knows that
this is the last year for the four of us
so we've got a massive celebration you
know end of the year we've got a great
suit store grace its album another
single so yeah it's still very very busy
for us we've got a really busy summer
but yet this is the funny year so we're
just enjoying you know the rest of it I
mean was it hard to know that JLS you
know you decided to say that's it after
this year yeah of course I think
obviously the time when it was announced
it was very hard and then we were
straight back into work mode but I think
coming into the year again like mommy's
having the greatest hits tour it's all
going to come flooding back again but
like you said it's gonna be a
celebration so well yeah we're looking
forward to it and you've all boys you
all get on so well don't you you're good
friends yeah family first you know we've
we've had a lot of years together more
years than most most bands you know we
were together a year before we even
people knew about us
so we've shared a lot of experiences
together and you know that will always
remain I mean you're doing lots of
different projects aren't you yeah apart
from JLS what are you else you doing so
no I've seen you always presenting new
boys to take over the world
JB's busy with his farm and stuff yes
well I'm deer farm at the moment so I
suppose that's a little side project
that I've been working on and and Dalby
in full swing in the next year how are
your focus then can I have a taste every
got the tastiest burgers I do have a
tasty burger they'll make me from
scratch as well so I I'm judging the
burger competition this summer so yeah
it's all online as well so you can see
me actually making the burgers if you
feel like you know that hand in the
kitchen and you can always get down and
I love a burger one tasty burger
so I don't see you with your married man
now and yes how is married life amazing
incredible it's great to be here today
Michelle's obviously here as well yeah
it's amazing
crazy though both of you being in the
limelight in the in pop band that's it
no you know we've always been used today
you know that's how we met
so it's nothing unusual no looking
amazing I'm gonna be so heartbroken when
you guys finally split your musical as
well seeing lessons later right
you